https://codepen.io/cc00262/pen/eYZavzo?editors=1100


 1. What is Semantic HTML? describes exactly what your doing vs div.
    2. What is HTML used for? creating web pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? its part of the the tag we put by anchor
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? main topic of page How many times should I use it on a page? once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? anchor & title
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <header>
    7. What is an id? It gives a specific name to an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once 
    10. What is a class? specifiys one or more elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target=_"blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? describe in html
    15. How do I reference an id?#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? semantics
    17. What is CSS used for? making HTML pretty
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
an id you can only use once
class can be used multiple times


    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .""
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?."human"
    22. What is a parent child selector?parent first instring When would this be useful? child after first string
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?  ????
    24. What is a pseudo selector? ????
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: upercase:, text-transform:lowercase; text-transform:capitals;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?{
border: dotted 1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? ctrl alt
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm " " because it wipes it completly without an option to bring it back
    34. Why should I use version control? ????
    35. How often should I commit to github? all the time? all the time
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin corie-stewart
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 