https://codepen.io/cc00262/pen/JjKWxpQ?editors=1100



Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo -   answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Gives meaning to our content.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Marking up a page for design.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Additional information.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    To distinguish the subject(most important info) of the page...it should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
    href, src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    only info we need not what the customer needs to see.
    7. What is an id? 
    specific name for an element can only be used once per page
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any
    9.  How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    a unique name given to an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to describe the picture for accesability
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    semantic vs non semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    design
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class can be used multiple times an id can only be used once
    for example use class when you have multiple sections on a page with the same design use an id if one specific element within that section needs something different done to it.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    for example .section .div{} when you need to be specific within the section
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used to define a special state of an element
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    ctrl-a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    .
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -r it will delete right away with no prompt and is permanetly removed
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    records changes to a file or files mover time
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    all the time
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git .push -u origin first_last
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork
    clone
    branch
    add
    commit
    push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline element do not cause a line to break
    block elements do
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it will not move from that spot on a page.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

